Tutorial
attach scriptable objects yang sesuai dengan event yang terjadi

- tap dan hold untuk lempar
It's class duty time. But, hey, let's make it more interesting! ;)

Tap and hold the Trash.

- throw to correct bin (ga ada button, hilang sendiri jika sudah lempar sampah)
Good! Now drag it to the correct bin, then release!

- If forget, press ? icon
Nice! Still don't understand? Press ? icon to rehearse last tutorial.

ada tombol help, ikon tanda tanya -> buat ngulang step tutorial terakhir


- kalau sampah masuk/nyentuh lantai -> jelaskan kalau ground dan trash can
vertical dialog, satu tahap, no image, OK, middle center
The Health will decrease when a trash hit the ground.
The game will be over when Health reach 0!

- vertical dialog, tiga tahap, no image, OK, upper center
This is the Trash Bin Indicator. It explains the bin's capacity.

It will flash green if trash goes into the correct bin.

It will flash red if the trash goes into the wrong bin.

It will blink red continuously if the bin is almost filled.
The game will be over when a bin is filled!

You can remove trash if you throw three pieces of trash into the correct bin consecutively.

- setelah angin spawn
vertical dialog, tanpa image, satu tahap, OK, lower center
Your classroom is drafty as ever.
Watchout for strong/weak wind, adjust your throw carefully!

- setelah spawn intruder, jelaskan intruder secara general
vertical dialog, tanpa image, satu tahap, OK, lower center
Classmates has come!
Each of them has their own unique way to ruin the game.
So, hit 'em up!


mark done tutorialnya setelah masuk scene tutorial.

====

trash apple -> tap, hold, release
trash apple -> tap, hold, swipe, release

BIN INDICATOR
This is the Trash Bin Indicators.
They explains each of the bin's CAPACITY.

It will FLASH GREEN if trash goes into the CORRECT bin.

It will FLASH RED if the trash goes into the WRONG bin.

====

It will BLINK RED continuously if a bin's CAPACITY IS THREE LEFT.

It's GAME OVER when a bin is FILLED!

Current MAX CAPACITY is 6.

====

You can REMOVE trash if you throw 3 TRASHES into the CORRECT bin CONSECUTIVELY.

Another way to REMOVE trash is to get the Clean Bin buff. 


CORRECT BIN
You throw it to the CORRECT bin, AMAZING!

"O" means there is a trash in the correct bin. This can be removed if you throw 3 TRASHES into the CORRECT bin CONSECUTIVELY.


WRONG BIN
Oops... you throw it to the WRONG bin. It's alright, you'll get better.

"X" means there is a trash in the wrong bin. This can be removed if you get the Clean Bin buff.

I'll give you for free this one time!
